Hey, good morning, family. I'm excited to be with you all today.
I have a word for you. I want to go back to the things the Lord has told you before.
Regarding the 24th—I was interceding for this day for a long time before I told you all about it.
I mentioned it a week or two ago, that the 24th was a significant day and that the Lord was warning me in prayer to pray over that day.
I am trying to tell you all, I've known about this for quite a while, so I've been praying over the 24th. The Lord told me it would be part of the first domino.
When the 24th came, He told me, "You'll see the first domino start to fall for the Antichrist system."The new system is going to start to manifest.
But that's whenever He told me, "Who will stand in the gap for America?
Who will intercede for America?"I told you all about that word.
I didn't really know what was going to happen on the 24th; all I knew is it was significant, and I kept praying over it. The closer it got, it felt very heavy in the spirit realm.
The night before, I was up almost all night praying on the 23rd, interceding and standing in the gap for what was coming.
The closer it got, the heavier it started to feel. I trust the spirits to make sure it wasn't forebodings, but then I felt such an urgency.
When it hit about six in the morning my time, it started as an urgency. I felt like I was being pushed in that river.
The intercessory prayer was so intense for what was going on in the spirit realm; it felt like I was being pushed, like, "Hurry, hurry, hurry."As you all know, the BRICS nations came out and announced that Saudi Arabia—the one I told you all about, where the Prince of Saudi Arabia said he would put his boot down on America and join up with others—would join.
Argentina—I didn't think was going to happen as soon. When I was looking in the spirit realm and the Lord was showing me the nations, I told you the Chinese flag went over.
I thought it was going to be later on how that all happened, whenever it went over Africa and touched down.
Argentina was invited yesterday, so I was just like, "Wow, this is being sped up big time."I hope you all realize how fast everything is coming at us.
Jesus Christ is coming. I never want to quote a timeframe. Everybody asks me in the comment section if I believe it's this year, 2023, 2024, or later.
I want to keep an urgency so that everyone is looking for Him today.
I don't want to ever say, "I believe it to be in 2032 or 2030."All we need to do is focus on the fact that Jesus is coming and have an urgency to tell the people around us.
No matter if it's five years from now, we need to live like it's today.
Don't live like it's five years from now because a lot of people get a lackadaisical attitude and think if it's five years from now, they're just going to party.
If you don't have that sense of urgency inside of you, it causes you to be stirred up to witness and live a righteous and holy life.
Keep your lamp full. Occupy until He comes. I try not to think about five or ten years; I just act like Jesus is coming right now.
It could happen right now while I'm talking to you because no man knows the day or the hour.
I told you all about the aliens and everyone's like, "It must be when Jesus was telling me about the aliens and demonic beings."There's no such thing as aliens; they are demonic spirits.
What's about to happen is—we're talking about it and seeing it in the news, but this is just the beginning. Wait until you start seeing the manifestations.
I really believe there is actually going to be alien demonic stuff on TV, and they're actually going to interview them.
It's going to be a big deal. You're going to see a great deception before long.
It's not just about things flying around the sky; you're going to start to see some really demonic stuff.
They're going to try to deceive people into believing there is a people in another universe.
It's all demonic. They're coming to deceive you. I know many people will fall for this and start believing we've got to be their friends.
No, they are demonic spirits. Don't be deceived about what's coming in the near future.
When Jesus took me through the Tribulation with Him, He said one of the major signs before I come back will be major talk about aliens on television.
This was back in 2014, going on ten years ago. When He told me this, I thought it was going to happen right then, but it has been ten years.
July 6th, 2024, will be ten years. I believe we're right there at the door for a major deception on the news.
Saudi Arabia is going to join the BRICS nations on January 1st, 2024, from what I've understood and the articles I've read.
That means we have five months left before they jump ship with Argentina, Egypt, and the UAE.
Eighty percent of the world's oil wealth is joining that. This is a huge deal.
This is the warning I tried to tell you. I'm not preaching fear, but there is a great storm coming.
When I told you about the 24th, it was right then Japan started dumping water from Fukushima.
They're releasing that toxic water into the Pacific Ocean.
China then banned the export of seafood from Japan because they are poisoning the ocean with radioactive material.
This is another huge thing that happened yesterday. Then on the 24th, we had President Trump's mugshot.
That's a big deal. It's never happened to a former president. This all happened in one day, on the 24th.
The Lord said the 24th of August will be the beginning; the dominoes will start to fall after that.
A major event will take place concerning the earthquake. I believe we're about to see that major New Madrid fault.
When I saw the python coming out of the water and wrapping around America and squeezing tight, I believe that's one of the major events we're about to see take place next.
Then I believe we're about to see a new Democratic candidate, someone who is a superstar concerning their agenda, wanting to take his place because he is not sound.
I believe we're going to see that soon. I could be wrong, but that's just my opinion.
Whenever I'm praying in the spirit about it, I have an urgency.
I've seen a short brown-haired woman doing something in November.
I've seen this, and so I've been praying about that and coming along beside Kamala Harris, kind of like how Ford and Nixon did.
I believe that's right, and how he ran it until the election.
I believe I have to be so careful. We will see some change take place in the fall.
There's going to be some changing taking place; there's going to be a shifting, more shifting. I've seen it.
I'm telling you all about the crash of the economy, the crash of the money, and now people go, 'Well, I thought you said it was going to be a financial blessing for the body of Christ.'Yes, if you are listening—and this is where I want to tell you—you will not participate in the financial blessing if you're not hearing the Holy Ghost.
It's not going to happen just by sitting idle. You need to be activated, actively praying in the spirit, or praying and asking the Lord, 'Hey Lord, I thank you, Lord.'Seed faith—that's another thing you all need to know: every seed produces after its own kind.
You have to sow to be able to reap. If you are not a tither, if you're not a giver, if you're not actively sowing, the Lord is going to tell you creative ideas to get wealth.
You're fooling yourself because he can't trust you. If he can't trust you with little, he's not going to make you ruler over much.
You have to be trusted with the little thing before he gives you the much thing.
If you can't be trusted in the money thing, and if you would get any kind of wealth, would it destroy you?
Because he's not going to allow a lot of money to go into your hands to be able to help this end-time harvest—this push for the end-time harvest—if you are not able to be trusted with finances, because he's not going to let you go to hell for money.
He cares about your soul, so you have to be able to be trusted with what's going to happen.
So this is where I'm at with it: if you can't believe for five dollars, how can you believe for 500,000 to pay off a church?
That's what I'm saying. You've got to start somewhere. Start believing for five dollars for whatever.
Start believing for a hundred dollars or whatever you're believing for.
Sow the seed. Ten percent of what you earn is what I do. I tithe.
I've been tithing because, bottom line, Pastor Mark, where I worked there at the church, he forced us to tithe.
If you didn't tithe, they fired you. So I've been tithing ever since I started working at the church back in 2003.
They forced us to tithe and they said, 'If you don't tithe, you're fired.'And so I was like, you know, that was a long time ago.
I mean, that's going on over 20 some years now. I've been tithing faithfully and giving my 10% and my offerings, believing God for increase.
And so that's the way we did it. We believe by faith for everything we have, whether it's five dollars, ten dollars, whatever.
You've got to believe God and start saying, 'Lord...'And you know, a lot of times you think, 'Well, how's it going to happen?
How is God going to bring the increase in my house?'I don't limit myself to a job.
I start, 'God, give me an idea.'Lord, I'm always thinking outside of the box.
What can I do to work for myself to create wealth? That's when I started doing my dogs.
I started having these little puppies, and the Lord gave us an idea to help with therapy dogs for people because my little girl is overcoming autism and she loves her little puppy, and my other little daughter loves her puppy.
So we have these puppies and I sell therapy dogs to special needs kids and to elderly people who need a companion, so there's a lot of people that need these dogs.
So God gave me the idea for my family because I didn't have a lot of education.
Of course, you all have heard my testimony about doing something other than cleaning, because I started doing the detailing business.
I was like, 'Lord...'So the Lord gave me an idea, so I started cleaning cars because I used to clean cars for a major ministry.
I started telling everybody I had an idea of doing mobile detailing, so I got me a mobile detailing trailer and I just go around cleaning cars for people.
I'd be so excited because I could make a hundred dollars and clean a car. I detail, I wax it, do everything.
I spent several hours doing it, but I got me a helper, and they helped me, and my brother.
And so we cleaned the cars together and we would do things, wax the cars, and clean the carpets. I got me a carpet shampooer.
I just started asking God for ways to create wealth so that I didn't have to work for seven dollars an hour because I didn't have an education.
I was like, 'Man, I'm making minimum wage. You can't live on minimum wage.'And so I cleaned for the church, and they gave me a little raise, but I was still struggling.
But I would work when I got off of work. After working my eight hours, I would work another five hours at least cleaning cars, doing what I could to make money to be able to supply.
And so God started increasing me and showing me, 'Hey, this is how you do business,'and having a business mindset as a Christian.
Now, there's a lot of people in the comment section that don't believe that.
Why do I need to be blessed? Because you're being selfish, bottom line.
If you don't want to be blessed, you're being selfish, because the kingdom of God needs you, and you need to help them. This is how the church works.
I worked for churches for years, and if the people didn't give, they were talking about how they couldn't pay the mortgage, they couldn't pay the electric bill, couldn't pay the water bill.
You know, there's a lot of expense to a church. There's a lot to the expenses of a ministry, and people need to get it out of their head that it just happens.
No, it doesn't just happen. It comes by people giving to the ministry.
So, 'Well, I just need to just take care of me.'Well, that's selfish.
No, you need to believe God for more so you can help your neighbor. There is a storm coming.
I'm going to tell you all, you all don't have a clue of how bad it's going to be. You don't.
And I don't want to tell you in fear, but to tell you how bad—my dad and all of us have seen what's coming.
It's bad, and I'm telling you the warnings from the Holy Ghost.
If you jump in the river and you start falling, you're going to hear some things, and it's not about fear; it's about warning.
Joseph was warned and he told Pharaoh, 'You need to store up seven years of food.
You need to get ready for what's coming because there are seven years of plenty and seven years of famine.'I'm telling you all, there's a shaking coming to this nation.
We have been spoiled, and you know, when a lot of people say, 'Well, that's not going to happen to us,'listen, it happened not even a hundred years ago.
My granny tells me all kinds of stories; she was 106 years old.
She talked about just saving foil. She wouldn't even throw foil away.
She was so scared to throw foil away, thinking that there was another depression coming in her lifetime.
She didn't even trust banks. She was scared spitless to even put her money in the bank. She would hide it all over the place.
Before she went home to the Lord, she'd dig a hole in the yard, put it in a little canister, and shove it down in the yard, bury it.
You didn't even know. I mean, that's the kind of stuff they lived through, and that was a terrible time in the 1930s, I believe is when it was.
That wasn't that long ago. But we have such an entitlement right now as a culture because we've had everything—we've had air conditioning, we've had all the stuff.
They didn't have it, granny, they didn't have anything. They were dead broke.
They had to use the flour sacks from the flour to make clothes out of it so that they would have clothes to wear to go to school.
Granny didn't have anything. They lived off of beans and rice and possum out of the yard—nasty stuff.
Even before she went home to be with the Lord, she would go outside and be digging in a ditch and pull up some weeds and cut the roots off and go in and boil it and eat it.
But she lived to 106 years old; she could live off anything. She'd go, 'Those are poke greens; those are dandelion greens.'She would go out there and just start digging in the yard because they lived off of that for years.
That's how they lived. They starved almost a lot of times, and the farmers would all go together.
She would tell me about it; they would get the eggs from the farmers and they would trade, they would barter, and they did all kinds of stuff just to survive.
Even to take a bath, before she went home, she wouldn't even turn on the shower; she would just sponge bath herself every single day when she would be outside working.
She had a sponge bath, and then one time a week she took a bath. That's what she did.
And that was just up until a couple of years ago when she went home.
That's the way she lived; it affected her that much. And so I'm trying to tell you all something.
I don't know how many of you all have had relatives that had hard times and lived in hard times and saw that during the Depression.
I pray we never see this stuff, I really do. I intercede all the time.
But I'm telling you, I've seen pictures and the Lord will give me warnings about the wars and about people living in poverty and things happening.
And God wants to raise up multi-millionaires for these last days so that we will preach the gospel and have money to help support these preachers, help tent revivals, churches, and things like that, so that they won't all go under.
There are some churches, like the last church I worked for, where they borrowed seven million dollars for the mortgage on the building.
A monthly payment on seven percent interest over 30 years—that's a big note. Seriously, that comes every month.
There's a lot of churches in America; you've got to think of all these megachurches around here in these big towns that have all these fancy buildings that are not paid for.
I believe a lot of them will probably close their doors because they won't be able to afford them.
There will be a lot of home churches, Bible studies, and smaller gatherings.
I've seen these smaller gatherings, and whenever major events take place, there will be big gatherings with big tents, tent revivals, and healing revivals.
It's going to happen like the old 1950s tent revivals with A.A.
Allen, Jack Coe, Oral Roberts, Kathryn Kuhlman, and all of them.
It's going to be major tent revivals again. R.W. Schambach, we're going to see this again.
I hope you all understand that I never want to preach fear, but you have to understand that you must sow a seed to reap a harvest.
Every seed produces after its own kind; finances happen the same way.
You might say you don't give to get, but a farmer plants a seed of corn in the field to reap corn.
He plants peas in the field to reap peas. You sow in the kingdom of God to reap so you can take care of yourself too.
I give so that I can sow to get what God has promised me in His word: 'good measure, pressed down, shaken together, and running over will men give unto you.'God will give you ideas to get wealth so that you don't have to struggle.
Maybe you're good at making pies; start selling them at a bakery or something there or online.
Whatever you put your hands to will prosper; He told us this in Deuteronomy 28.
Read that over and over again about the blessings—everything you put your hands to will prosper. I meditate on it and get it down inside of me.
The more you meditate on the word, the more it will become alive inside your spirit: you are the head and not the tail, you're above and not beneath, and you'll go through and not go under.
You just have to get that word inside you; everything you put your hands to will prosper.
Quote those scriptures and believe them for what's coming. I'm telling you all, a storm is coming.
A lot of you don't want to hear that, thinking the Rapture of the church is coming before that happens, but no, you're wrong.
Perilous times are coming. I hope you understand that before the birthing pains—it says as labor pains come upon a woman, so will it be.
Jesus warned us about the birthing pains. They start out small and get more and more until the birth of the baby.
Every woman who has a child knows this; it does not slack off, it increases until it's unbearable.
That's the way it's going to be: more frequent until the birthing of us leaving in the Rapture of the church.
Some of you don't believe in the Rapture; that's fine, I do, but we are going to see some things.
The weather's going to start getting even crazier: the heatwaves, the rain, and the droughts. I really believe with all my heart we're going to see it.
That's why the Lord has talked to me about having a well, water shortages, a generator for power, and food storage.
He talked to me about securing your home better. Just three years ago, people were going crazy in San Francisco, robbing and looting whenever COVID was going on.
People were fighting over toilet paper; you would almost lose your life over a roll of toilet paper.
If there's no food on the shelf—and I warned you there were cobwebs in some supermarkets—it's even worse in major populated areas.
If they're willing to hurt you for a roll of toilet paper, how much more are they going to hurt you for a gallon of milk, bread, canned food, or meat?
Spam is going to become a big deal. People get crazy when they can't get food.
I'm just trying to help you; I can only lead you to the water, but I can't force you to drink.
I'm believing God for the Iraqi dinar. The Lord showed me Babylon rising again.
Babylon was the breadbasket of the world at one time, and I believe it will be again. I believe there's a shifting coming in Iraq.
I believe the people who are listening to the Spirit of God about crypto and these things are not going to struggle.
God's going to give creative ideas to provide for the people who are listening to Him and praying in the Spirit.
You need to read your Bible and pray in tongues. The Lord wants everybody to have that prayer language so you don't have to let the devil hear you.
Walking in the Holy Ghost is what you're going to have to do in these last days—knowing the name of Jesus and understanding the power in the blood.
Just like the greats like Smith Wigglesworth, walking in the authority of the believer.
I hope I didn't freak you out; I'm just trying to be real with you today.
It's not really a sermon; it's just me being real and telling you where I'm at. I don't live in fear, but I live with my ear towards Him.
Regarding the financial outpouring, not everybody's going to participate; some people will stay broke, just like it was in the.com era. Jesus told us the poor will be with you always.
I don't want to be one of them; I want to be the man with the pitcher in his hand helping folks, being able to say I can help you with some rice or beans.
But it takes money to get a surplus; groceries are expensive right now.
To go to Sam's or Costco and buy in bulk takes thousands of dollars.
God takes care of the widow, the orphan, and the sparrow; how much more does He care about you?
Start studying people like George Mueller and how he took care of the orphans.
I watched it on VeggieTales, but then I studied and realized this man really existed and lived by faith.
You're going to have to learn to live by faith. I hope this talk blessed you today.
Thank you for watching, the subscribes, the likes, and the Facebook shares. Do not share my videos on YouTube.
I mean that when I'm telling you to share my video, do not share my videos on YouTube.
You're not copying my material and putting it on your page; this is my stuff.
Preach your own sermon and put your own thing out there. Don't put my stuff out there on your YouTube channel or whatever.
You can share it on your Facebook; that's what I mean when I'm saying to share it.
Share it on Facebook, Instagram, or Twitter. All right, well we thank you so much for your support.
Put a smile on your face and a song in your heart. We love you so much and we'll see you next time. Bye-bye.